oh yes Alan Richard I'm trying to play
through everything that I have here for
you the idea here is they call this is
their pizza shop series you know I guess
Al grew up working in a pizza Riyaz he
calls him he was imprisoned in the pizza
red I've never heard another human being
call it a pizza reah but okay I always
thought it was a pizzeria having grown
up in this country you think if you're
working you know how to you know how to
say good name I thought maybe was an
Italian thing or something but I guess
like even my cousin's uncle like no
one's ever heard of anyone saying Pizza
ready
something wrong with him there's
generally we it's like if I called this
company Cyrus yeah you work you got it I
should know it's serious and then after
you were corrected continue to do it
right no matter how many times people
told me it was serious I'd call it Cyrus
right you'd say hey maybe you're
retarded pizza reah anyway so this is
another in the pit surya series this is
where uh Sal and richard call up a
pizzeria and they order a pie couple of
different pies but they're all the same
and gets into a numbers argument with
the guy listen to this hey yeah how are
you how are you sir what would you like
one pickup or delivery I'm gonna pick it
up I need to cheese pies yep too plain
and too regular so you want two pies
right two pies cheese uh honey two pies
plain and two pies regular I don't
understand what you're telling me
because every pie that you thing is all
regular and you pony sticks regular
parties you want sticks regular pies I
don't want six regular pies on one
you're wearing a little vampires right
two plain pies you what do you mean by
cheese pies you your feets a man right
what's a chatbot you tell me what a
cheese pie is because you know what is
two regular pie them regular pizzas is
with cheese right right and I need two
plain pies the same things for regular
cheese pie right there what are the two
regular two extra cheese or two cheese
too plain to regular Heineman I
understand you man
connoisseur hey are you being a wise
this are your fucking stupid are you
fucking stupid why do you come inside
and tell me if I'm a fucking wise dad
come over here right now I'm just trying
to order some piece of fucking retard
you fucking dick
hi sir how are you how you doing I'm
good
unfortunately my husband's not doing so
good he's he's steamin worse than a
bucket full of clams right now he said
you're kind of nasty to him on the phone
all right what would you like
well what size how big is your large 16
into Oh 16 okay I will let me go ahead
and get one large or anything up at 1/16
inch cheese you want one large pie right
yeah plus 1/16 inch do you want two
large pies
no I want one large cheese and 1/16 inch
cheese you want two large pies did I say
two large yeah no I didn't I said one
large all right look already but I I
move for these fucking games man me I
don't know who you are man oh you man
home damn bitch goodness gracious sunny
one large and one 16-inch why don't you
go take your 60 inch pine go fuck
yourself with it all right
hey two more annoying I felt bad for the
pizza guy yeah they really those guys
are having a tough time already and I
really don't add any levity to their day